I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
Musical lnstruments
Mummy Pig and Daddy Pig have
been tidying the house.
Mummy Pig and I
found this old box in the attic!
Ooo!
Can anyone guess What's inside?
Hmmm, nope!
It's full of musical instruments!
Wow!
They are a bit old and dusty.
This is the violin I used to play
When I Was little!
Mummy? Can you play your violin?
I haven't played it for a long time!
Please, Mummy!
Please play it!
I hope I haven't forgotten how...
Bravo!
Hurray!
Mummy? Can I play the violin?
Hold it like this.
Yes, Mummy.
Oh!
Oh, dear. I do not think it is
meant to sound like that.
George Wants to try.
Hold it like this, George.
Oh!
That does not sound quite right, either.
The violin is too hard to play!
Peppa! Maybe you Would do better
With this tin drum,.
Thank you, Daddy.
That sounds better!
Peppa loves playing the drum.
Lovely.
Yes, it sounds very nice.
This is Daddy Pig's old accordion.
I used to play this to Mummy Pig
When We first met...
Oh... Daddy Pig. I remember this tune.
George Wants to play
the accordion, too!
Are you sure, George?
The accordion is quite difficult.
George. The a-cro-dion is almost
as difficult to play as my drum.
Ok, George.
Oh!
Maybe George is a bit too little
to play the accordion.
Daddy? What other instruments
are in the box?
Just this horn!
Can I try?
You have to blow it very hard!
That does not sound right.
It's impossible!
I think I used to be able to play it...
That really does not sound right.
Maybe it just needs someone
big and strong like me!
That does not sound right, either.
Peppa's right; it is impossible to play.
Never mind, Daddy Pig.
Just stick to the accordion.
You play it beautifully!
Well, I do play it quite nicely,
even if I say so myself.
And I'll play my violin!
And I Will play my drum!
Mummy Pig plays the violin.
Daddy Pig plays the accordion.
Peppa plays the drum.
But What instrument Will
George play?
George is blowing the horn!
Mummy couldn't play the horn and
Daddy couldn't play it.
And even I couldn't play it!
But George can play it.
I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.